- This course is targeted at intermediate
and advanced developers.
You should have some experience with Java and basic Spring.
You should also be familiar with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
to get the most out of this course.
It'll also be helpful to have some exposure
to functional programming,
Java 8 streams and lambdas, and TypeScript.
TypeScript has the same syntax as JavaScript,
but it enables static type checking and code refactoring.
We'll be using TypeScript with Angular in this course.
If you want to get a primer on reactive programming
with Spring, you could check out my course,
Reactive Spring in the Learning Library.